Updated the `protocol info` page with `Transaction Version Upgrades` section (#4267)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-protocol-info.md

following the Polkadot releases and upgrading in a timely manner, especially for high priority or
critical releases.

### Transaction Version Upgrades

> Apart the `runtime_version` there is also the `transaction_version` which denotes how to correctly encode/decode calls for a given runtime (useful for hardware wallets). The reason `transaction_version` is separate from `runtime_version` is that it explicitly notes that the call interface is broken/not compatible. Hence, a signed transaction blob will be rejected by an incompatible runtime, rather than being misinterpreted.

Reviewer: > Hence, a signed transaction blob will be rejected by an incompatible runtime, rather than being misinterpreted.

Not quite. It's true but a separate problem. The call that you construct may in fact be misinterpreted. I would just delete this sentence.

The `transaction_version` is updated in the cases mentioned in the [Substrate docs](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/sp_version/struct.RuntimeVersion.html#structfield.transaction_version).

> 

Reviewer 2: I would remove this empty line.

> So when a new transaction version is introduced (during a runtime upgrade), this results in a breaking change.

Reviewer 2: Not 100% sure but I think it is more correct something like:

```suggestion
Introducing a new transaction version (during a runtime upgrade) results in a breaking change.
```

Reviewer: Well the transaction version change doesn't _result_ in a breaking change, it _indicates_ a breaking change _to transaction serialization_.
